
currentIdentBuf at 1 with globVar
currentIdentBuf at 2 with player
global mode set to 0
currentIdentBuf at 3 with message
currentIdentBuf at 4 with localVar
currentIdentBuf at 5 with localVar
currentIdentBuf at 6 with name
currentIdentBuf at 7 with career
currentIdentBuf at 8 with inventory
global mode set to 1
currentIdentBuf at 9 with box
global mode set to 0
currentIdentBuf at 10 with colour
global mode set to 1
currentIdentBuf at 1 with monster
global mode set to 0
currentIdentBuf at 2 with response
currentIdentBuf at 3 with otherVar
currentIdentBuf at 4 with player
currentIdentBuf at 5 with message
currentIdentBuf at 6 with otherVar
global mode set to 1
currentIdentBuf at 7 with testEvent
currentIdentBuf at 8 with player
currentIdentBuf at 9 with name
currentIdentBuf at 10 with globVar
currentIdentBuf at 1 with player
currentIdentBuf at 2 with message
currentIdentBuf at 3 with result
currentIdentBuf at 4 with result
currentIdentBuf at 5 with testEvent
currentIdentBuf at 6 with lateVar
currentIdentBuf at 7 with player
currentIdentBuf at 8 with message
currentIdentBuf at 9 with monster
currentIdentBuf at 10 with response
currentIdentBuf at 1 with globVar